Oh kicks crap
leaving
send it on the seat here just rolling
along hit the button well flip over the
handlebars nine times out of tenants and
land on his feet ready for battle and
that too comes with the exclusive foot
soldier figure with removable helmet
both these vehicles Shelton self bike as
well as the dragon chopper compact out
on the web side it was very cool take
Michelangelo here spin them over inside
take mr. foot soldier here
set him down get him ready for battle
rolling along kicks the crap out of the
bag on the 13th easy to use a roll on
getting the top opens front opens with a
spring loaded for Jack I'll as well so
you can sir all your fingers inside
there's a lot of fun clean value as well
connect the show
faster
what
scroll so happy
thank you
Oh
binary system
let it go you're a phrase as well as the
sound effects prototype idea here is
pull back on the arm and pull it back
you'll repeat that word until I release
it done you'll hear the rest of the
phrase as well as zombified so is it
four to six different phrases and sound
effects incorporated into each bigger
now the four turtles with their core
accessories as well as shredder and the
phrases that you hearing these figures
are racing the TV show
No
how to kill
ok
lost
just
with the scale